---
permalink: /
title: "Boming Miao"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---
I am now a master student of School of Statistics, Beijing Normal University.

Education
=========

- M.S. 2023-2025, School of Statistics, Beijing Normal University
- B.S. 2019-2023, Department of Mathematics, Northeastern University

Research Interst
================

I am deeply interested in developing reliable and trustworthy AI techniques, particularly in exploring the distribution of adversarial examples generated by models. My recent work focuses on enhancing the robustness of adversarial patches through the application of diffusion models, a cutting-edge approach that allows for greater flexibility and effectiveness in adversarial attacks. Additionally, I am keenly interested in statistical learning theory and its implications for the capabilities of deep learning models.

In the long term, I aspire to contribute to the development of theory-guided learning. While I recognize that this is a complex endeavor that may not be achievable in the foreseeable future, I firmly believe that advancements in learning theory will unfold gradually, ultimately leading to models whose decisions are both explainable and rational.

## News
- 2024.09 We propose a novel framework of patch attack based on diffusion models, you can see it [here](https://arxiv.org/abs/2409.07002). The code will be available soon.
- 2024.08 I am pleased to collaborate with [Andi Zhang](https://andi.ac/) at the University of Cambridge.
- 2023.10 I will become a research assistant in the Department of Automation, Tsinghua University.
- 2023.06 I successfully defended my thesis and will graduate from Northeastern University. My thesis was awarded distinction.
- 2022.09 I have been recommended for admission to the School of Statistics at Beijing Normal University for graduate studies.
- 2022.08 I have completed my summer exchange program at the Department of Computer Science, North Carolina State University. See the [poster](../files/Poster.pdf) and the [project report](../files/ProjectReport.pdf) here.
- 2022.05 I was selected to participate in the 2022 Summer Exchange Program at North Carolina State University.
- 2021.12 I won the first prize in the Mathematics Competition of Chinese College Students.